you as a naval officer. Paperwork go faster. Well, if you figure that
out, I would like to, Um a lot of the forms are pre filled these days.
That's nice. As opposed to To fill them out from scratch. I put them
in and computer punch cards. And yes, I have done that incident
because of traffic. Would come in on that ticker tapes way. Don't use
tape anymore, but I can't see that The DT DT is that Wait £80. They
are now the size of a two terabyte hard drive. Okay, that the weight
pounds. So how could you make things go faster? Probably keeping
files. Okay. Keeping fit reps. Keeping the forms filled out for eight
reports that you have to fill out your pulse assistant film out for
the chief engineer says so. I have files filled out that are readily
available to you That would help you work easier